docs: Retitle and improve the existing guides (#939)
apify/apify-sdk-python: docs/03_guides/01_beautifulsoup_httpx.mdx

## Example Actor

> Below is a simple Actor that recursively scrapes data from linked pages on the same site, up to a specified maximum depth, starting from URLs provided in the Actor input. It uses [HTTPX](https://www.python-httpx.org/) for fetching pages through [Apify Proxy](https://docs.apify.com/platform/proxy) and [BeautifulSoup](https://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/) for parsing their content to extract the title, headings, and links to other pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example is a simple Actor that recursively scrapes data from linked pages on the same site, up to a specified maximum depth, starting from URLs provided in the Actor input. It uses [HTTPX](https://www.python-httpx.org/) for fetching pages through [Apify Proxy](https://docs.apify.com/platform/proxy) and [BeautifulSoup](https://www.crummy.com/software/BeautifulSoup/) for parsing their content to extract the title, headings, and links to other pages.
```
